Welcome to the know J s masterclass,
where you're going to learn to build applications in raw no Js with no frameworks and no
external libraries together,
we're going to build three pieces of software arrest full A P I A Web G Y and a terminal
based CLI command my foot room.
And you're going to do all of this from scratch.
Just a text editor and a terminal.
Nobody else is code.
Nobody else is frameworks.
Nobody else's libraries,
just plain old JavaScript and nodes runtime we won't be using in PM at all.
Just note your APS won't even have a package dot Jason file because we don't need any
dependency management.
After all,
your APS won't have any dependencies to manage.
Now I know what you're thinking.
Building fully featured applications with no dependencies,
no NPM,
no libraries,
no frameworks.
How is that possible?
You're about to find out and I promise you you're going to love it.
Let me tell you a secret about no Js.
It is powerful all by itself.
If you have a second,
take a look at the no Js docks.
Did you know that you can hash passwords and encrypt strings with just a few lines of code
.
Did you know you can write files buying two events and even dropped down to C plus plus all
within plain old No Js as you come to see many of the most popular in PM libraries are
redundant and unneeded because node supports that functionality natively.
I bet you didn't know that.
No Js has testing built right in,
did you?
It does.
It has an assertion library you can use.
You don't even need mocha or chai.
As with all JavaScript that supports string interpolation that lets you create 10 plated
views so you don't need an M V C framework like express er attempt later,
like handlebars starting a server and routing requests can be done with a few dozen lines
of code.
So if you're building an A P I,
you don't need happy sales or express for that either.
And if you need to build a command line tool,
you'll be happy to learn that reading from and writing to the console or out of the box
features.
But wait,
you say,
Isn't it just easier to use frameworks?
Isn't it faster to use NPM modules?
Isn't it more convenient to just copy and paste together other people's code rather than
write your own.
Yes,
of course it ISS.
There's a reason most Dev's never learned.
Plain know J s.
There's a reason most people build an express.
There's a reason most people can't recognize any of the functions,
and then no Js docks if you want to be most people.
If you want to be an ordinary dev and have a common skill set,
this course isn't for you.
This course is a master class.
It is for developers who want uncommon abilities.
Do you want to write your own framework?
How about author your own useful modules?
This course is going to teach you what you need to know to accomplish that.
Do you want to be able to fix other libraries when they break and submit pull requests to
your favorite projects to make them better and stronger?
Then this course is the way forward.
On a more basic level.
If you've got imposter syndrome,
this course is the cure.
If you've got an inferiority complex,
if you feel like everyone else knows more than you and your sick of people mentioning
things,
you've never heard of and building things you can't understand.
This course was designed just for you.
After this,
there will be nothing you haven't heard off.
There will be nothing you can't do.
I'm going to present to you every piece of the no Js docks and you are going to write code
using at least one function from almost every non deprecate ID section of those docks.
You're going to learn the history of note.
You're going to learn how it works in detail.
You're going to learn how to make it work for you.
My goal for this course is to show you how beautiful note is and to take your skill set up
to the next level.
But be fair,
warned.
This course is not going to be quick,
and it certainly isn't going to be easy,
but it will be worth it.
If you're looking for a challenge,
you've come to the right place to ah,
very poorly.
Paraphrase JFK.
We do these things not because they are easy,
but because they are hard.
Welcome to the no Js masterclass